Index 40 Shortcut: SV41 Full name: Generational version elitistic
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: Index 4 out of bounds for length 4
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator$EvaluatorArranger.prepareModelForEvaluation(FPGAEvaluator.java:55)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.reproduction(GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.java:75)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:340)


Index 40 Shortcut: SV41 Full name: Generational version elitistic
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: Index 4 out of bounds for length 4
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator$EvaluatorArranger.prepareModelForEvaluation(FPGAEvaluator.java:55)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.reproduction(GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.java:75)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:340)


Index 40 Shortcut: SV41 Full name: Generational version elitistic
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: Index 4 out of bounds for length 4
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator$EvaluatorArranger.prepareModelForEvaluation(FPGAEvaluator.java:55)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.reproduction(GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.java:75)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:340)


Index 40 Shortcut: SV41 Full name: Generational version elitistic
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: Index 4 out of bounds for length 4
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator$EvaluatorArranger.prepareModelForEvaluation(FPGAEvaluator.java:55)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.reproduction(GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.java:75)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:340)


Index 40 Shortcut: SV41 Full name: Generational version elitistic
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: Index 4 out of bounds for length 4
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator$EvaluatorArranger.prepareModelForEvaluation(FPGAEvaluator.java:55)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.reproduction(GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.java:75)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:340)


Index 16 Shortcut: SV17 Full name: Simplest version elitistic
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: Index 4 out of bounds for length 4
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator$EvaluatorArranger.prepareModelForEvaluation(FPGAEvaluator.java:55)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.SimplestGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.reproduction(SimplestGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.java:64)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:340)


Index 16 Shortcut: SV17 Full name: Simplest version elitistic
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: Index 4 out of bounds for length 4
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator$EvaluatorArranger.prepareModelForEvaluation(FPGAEvaluator.java:55)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.SimplestGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.reproduction(SimplestGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.java:64)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:340)


Index 16 Shortcut: SV17 Full name: Simplest version elitistic
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: Index 4 out of bounds for length 4
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator$EvaluatorArranger.prepareModelForEvaluation(FPGAEvaluator.java:55)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.SimplestGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.reproduction(SimplestGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.java:64)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:340)


Index 53 Shortcut: SV54 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.ClassCastException: class java.lang.Object cannot be cast to class hr.fer.zemris.fpga.FPGAModel$Pin (java.lang.Object is in module java.base of loader 'bootstrap'; hr.fer.zemris.fpga.FPGAModel$Pin is in unnamed module of loader 'app')
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator$EvaluatorArranger.checkPinsTrace(FPGAEvaluator.java:123)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator$EvaluatorArranger.fillLabel(FPGAEvaluator.java:232)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator$EvaluatorArranger.fillLabels(FPGAEvaluator.java:94)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator$EvaluatorArranger.prepareModelForEvaluation(FPGAEvaluator.java:74)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:35)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:435)


Index 53 Shortcut: SV54 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "String.equals(Object)" because "box.title" is null
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator$EvaluatorArranger.checkPinsTrace(FPGAEvaluator.java:130)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator$EvaluatorArranger.fillLabel(FPGAEvaluator.java:232)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator$EvaluatorArranger.fillLabels(FPGAEvaluator.java:101)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator$EvaluatorArranger.prepareModelForEvaluation(FPGAEvaluator.java:74)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:53)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:435)


Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: Eliminative elitistic
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Duplicates in crossovering!
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossClbAndPin(ValidCrossover.java:102)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossover(ValidCrossover.java:31)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:62)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:450)


Index 66 Shortcut: SV67 Full name: Simplest version elitistic
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: Index 0 out of bounds for length 0
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossClbAndPin(ValidCrossover.java:83)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossover(ValidCrossover.java:32)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.SimplestGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.reproduction(SimplestGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.java:61)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:465)


Index 66 Shortcut: SV67 Full name: Simplest version elitistic
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: Index 0 out of bounds for length 0
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossClbAndPin(ValidCrossover.java:91)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossover(ValidCrossover.java:31)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.SimplestGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.reproduction(SimplestGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.java:61)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:465)


Index 60 Shortcut: SV61 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Could not find solution in SimpleRouletteWheelSelection class
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.selection.RouletteWheelSelection.select(RouletteWheelSelection.java:41)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:65)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:88)


Index 61 Shortcut: SV62 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Could not find solution in SimpleRouletteWheelSelection class
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.selection.RouletteWheelSelection.select(RouletteWheelSelection.java:41)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:65)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:88)


Index 62 Shortcut: SV63 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Could not find solution in SimpleRouletteWheelSelection class
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.selection.RouletteWheelSelection.select(RouletteWheelSelection.java:41)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:65)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:88)


Index 63 Shortcut: SV64 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Could not find solution in SimpleRouletteWheelSelection class
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.selection.RouletteWheelSelection.select(RouletteWheelSelection.java:41)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:65)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:88)


Index 64 Shortcut: SV65 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Could not find solution in SimpleRouletteWheelSelection class
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.selection.RouletteWheelSelection.select(RouletteWheelSelection.java:41)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:65)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:88)


Index 60 Shortcut: SV61 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Could not find solution in SimpleRouletteWheelSelection class
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.selection.RouletteWheelSelection.select(RouletteWheelSelection.java:41)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:65)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:88)


Index 61 Shortcut: SV62 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Could not find solution in SimpleRouletteWheelSelection class
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.selection.RouletteWheelSelection.select(RouletteWheelSelection.java:41)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:65)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:88)


Index 62 Shortcut: SV63 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Could not find solution in SimpleRouletteWheelSelection class
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.selection.RouletteWheelSelection.select(RouletteWheelSelection.java:41)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:65)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:88)


Index 63 Shortcut: SV64 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Could not find solution in SimpleRouletteWheelSelection class
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.selection.RouletteWheelSelection.select(RouletteWheelSelection.java:41)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:65)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:88)


Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Could not find solution in SimpleRouletteWheelSelection class
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.selection.RouletteWheelSelection.select(RouletteWheelSelection.java:41)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:65)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:88)


2021:04:17_21:44:09
Index 66 Shortcut: SV67 Full name: Simplest version elitistic
java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot read field "intensities" because "alg.selector" is null
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:89)


2021:04:17_21:44:09
Index 67 Shortcut: S68 Full name: Generational version elitistic
java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot read field "intensities" because "alg.selector" is null
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:89)


2021:04:17_21:45:18
Index 66 Shortcut: SV67 Full name: Simplest version elitistic
java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot read field "intensities" because "alg.selector" is null
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:89)


2021:04:17_21:45:18
Index 67 Shortcut: S68 Full name: Generational version elitistic
java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot read field "intensities" because "alg.selector" is null
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:89)


2021:04:17_21:47:02
Index 66 Shortcut: SV67 Full name: Simplest version elitistic
java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot read field "intensities" because "alg.selector" is null
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:89)


2021:04:27_23:42:23
Index 69 Shortcut: S70 Full name: Generational version elitistic, selection
java.lang.IllegalStateException: States should be valid!
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossClbInputs(ValidCrossover.java:73)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossModelConfigurations(ValidCrossover.java:55)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossover(ValidCrossover.java:34)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.reproduction(GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.java:86)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:94)


2021:04:27_23:42:45
Index 69 Shortcut: S70 Full name: Generational version elitistic, selection
java.lang.IllegalStateException: States should be valid!
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossClbInputs(ValidCrossover.java:73)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossModelConfigurations(ValidCrossover.java:55)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossover(ValidCrossover.java:34)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.reproduction(GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.java:86)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:94)


2021:04:27_23:47:00
Index 69 Shortcut: S70 Full name: Generational version elitistic, selection
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: Index 2 out of bounds for length 2
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.mutation.MutationSwap.mutateClbInputs(MutationSwap.java:65)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.mutation.MutationSwap.mutate(MutationSwap.java:44)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.reproduction(GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.java:87)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:94)


2021:04:27_23:47:27
Index 69 Shortcut: S70 Full name: Generational version elitistic, selection
java.lang.IllegalStateException: States should be valid!
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossClbInputs(ValidCrossover.java:73)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossModelConfigurations(ValidCrossover.java:55)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossover(ValidCrossover.java:34)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.reproduction(GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.java:86)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:94)


2021:04:27_23:49:39
Index 69 Shortcut: S70 Full name: Generational version elitistic, selection
java.lang.IllegalStateException: States should be valid!
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossClbInputs(ValidCrossover.java:73)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossModelConfigurations(ValidCrossover.java:55)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossover(ValidCrossover.java:34)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.reproduction(GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.java:86)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:94)


2021:04:27_23:49:43
Index 69 Shortcut: S70 Full name: Generational version elitistic, selection
java.lang.IllegalStateException: States should be valid!
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossClbInputs(ValidCrossover.java:73)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossModelConfigurations(ValidCrossover.java:55)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossover(ValidCrossover.java:34)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.reproduction(GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.java:86)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:94)


2021:04:27_23:49:51
Index 69 Shortcut: S70 Full name: Generational version elitistic, selection
java.lang.IllegalStateException: States should be valid!
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossClbInputs(ValidCrossover.java:73)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossModelConfigurations(ValidCrossover.java:55)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossover(ValidCrossover.java:34)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.reproduction(GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.java:86)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:94)


2021:04:27_23:49:57
Index 69 Shortcut: S70 Full name: Generational version elitistic, selection
java.lang.IllegalStateException: States should be valid!
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossClbInputs(ValidCrossover.java:73)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossModelConfigurations(ValidCrossover.java:55)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossover(ValidCrossover.java:34)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.reproduction(GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.java:86)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:94)


2021:04:27_23:49:58
Index 69 Shortcut: S70 Full name: Generational version elitistic, selection
java.lang.IllegalStateException: States should be valid!
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossClbInputs(ValidCrossover.java:73)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossModelConfigurations(ValidCrossover.java:55)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossover(ValidCrossover.java:34)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.reproduction(GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.java:86)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:94)


2021:04:27_23:49:58
Index 69 Shortcut: S70 Full name: Generational version elitistic, selection
java.lang.IllegalStateException: States should be valid!
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossClbInputs(ValidCrossover.java:73)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossModelConfigurations(ValidCrossover.java:55)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossover(ValidCrossover.java:34)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.reproduction(GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.java:86)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:94)


2021:04:27_23:50:16
Index 69 Shortcut: S70 Full name: Generational version elitistic, selection
java.lang.IllegalStateException: States should be valid!
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossClbInputs(ValidCrossover.java:73)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossModelConfigurations(ValidCrossover.java:55)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossover(ValidCrossover.java:34)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.reproduction(GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.java:86)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:94)


2021:04:27_23:51:56
Index 69 Shortcut: S70 Full name: Generational version elitistic, selection
java.lang.IllegalStateException: States should be valid!
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossClbInputs(ValidCrossover.java:81)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossModelConfigurations(ValidCrossover.java:55)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossover(ValidCrossover.java:34)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.reproduction(GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.java:86)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:94)


2021:04:27_23:52:23
Index 69 Shortcut: S70 Full name: Generational version elitistic, selection
java.lang.IllegalStateException: States should be valid!
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossClbInputs(ValidCrossover.java:81)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossModelConfigurations(ValidCrossover.java:55)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossover(ValidCrossover.java:34)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.reproduction(GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.java:86)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:94)


2021:04:27_23:52:33
Index 69 Shortcut: S70 Full name: Generational version elitistic, selection
java.lang.IllegalStateException: States should be valid!
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossClbInputs(ValidCrossover.java:82)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossModelConfigurations(ValidCrossover.java:55)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.crossover.ValidCrossover.crossover(ValidCrossover.java:34)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.reproduction(GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.java:86)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:94)


2021:04:28_11:53:53
Index 69 Shortcut: S70 Full name: Generational version elitistic, selection
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Invalid wire somewhere in randomizer?
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.mutation.MutationSwap.mutateSwitchBoxes(MutationSwap.java:126)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.mutation.MutationSwap.mutate(MutationSwap.java:58)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.reproduction(GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.java:87)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:94)


2021:04:28_16:42:39
Index 69 Shortcut: S70 Full name: Generational version elitistic, selection
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: Index 1 out of bounds for length 1
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.evaluate(SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.java:33)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator.evaluate(FPGAEvaluator.java:134)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.reproduction(GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.java:61)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:94)


2021:04:28_16:42:43
Index 69 Shortcut: S70 Full name: Generational version elitistic, selection
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: Index 1 out of bounds for length 1
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.evaluate(SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.java:33)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator.evaluate(FPGAEvaluator.java:134)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.reproduction(GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.java:61)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:94)


2021:04:28_16:43:52
Index 69 Shortcut: S70 Full name: Generational version elitistic, selection
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: Index 1 out of bounds for length 1
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.evaluate(SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.java:33)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator.evaluate(FPGAEvaluator.java:134)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.reproduction(GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.java:61)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:94)


2021:04:28_16:44:51
Index 69 Shortcut: S70 Full name: Generational version elitistic, selection
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: Index 1 out of bounds for length 1
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.evaluate(SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.java:33)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator.evaluate(FPGAEvaluator.java:134)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.reproduction(GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.java:61)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:94)


2021:04:28_16:45:31
Index 69 Shortcut: S70 Full name: Generational version elitistic, selection
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: Index 1 out of bounds for length 1
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.evaluate(SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.java:36)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator.evaluate(FPGAEvaluator.java:134)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.reproduction(GenerationalGeneticAlgorithmSelection.java:61)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:94)


2021:04:29_11:28:04
Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.IllegalStateException: CLB title is null!
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.SimpleAliasesEvaluator.evaluate(SimpleAliasesEvaluator.java:44)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator.evaluate(FPGAEvaluator.java:133)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:48)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:93)


2021:04:29_11:30:44
Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: Index 2 out of bounds for length 2
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.evaluate(SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.java:34)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator.evaluate(FPGAEvaluator.java:134)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:48)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:93)


2021:04:29_11:33:24
Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: Index 2 out of bounds for length 2
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.evaluate(SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.java:37)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator.evaluate(FPGAEvaluator.java:134)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:48)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:93)


2021:04:29_12:55:18
Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Label is clb and its title is null
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.evaluate(SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.java:59)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator.evaluate(FPGAEvaluator.java:132)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:48)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:93)


2021:04:29_12:55:20
Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Label is clb and its title is null
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.evaluate(SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.java:59)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator.evaluate(FPGAEvaluator.java:132)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:48)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:93)


2021:05:01_11:47:15
Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.IllegalThreadStateException
	at java.base/java.lang.Thread.start(Thread.java:792)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator.evaluate(FPGAEvaluator.java:199)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:48)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:93)


2021:05:01_11:49:02
Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.IllegalThreadStateException
	at java.base/java.lang.Thread.start(Thread.java:792)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator.evaluate(FPGAEvaluator.java:199)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:48)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:93)


2021:05:05_08:22:44
Index 15 Shortcut: SV16 Full name: Simplest version elitistic
java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot read field "label" because "swBoxes[i].segments[k]" is null
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.ConnectionQualityEvaluator.evaluate(ConnectionQualityEvaluator.java:41)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator.evaluate(FPGAEvaluator.java:192)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.SimplestGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.reproduction(SimplestGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.java:67)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:93)


2021:05:05_08:27:57
Index 15 Shortcut: SV16 Full name: Simplest version elitistic
java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot read field "label" because "swBoxes[i].segments[k]" is null
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.ConnectionQualityEvaluator.evaluate(ConnectionQualityEvaluator.java:41)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator.evaluate(FPGAEvaluator.java:192)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.SimplestGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.reproduction(SimplestGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.java:67)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:93)


2021:05:05_08:30:01
Index 15 Shortcut: SV16 Full name: Simplest version elitistic
java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot read field "label" because "swBoxes[i].segments[k]" is null
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.ConnectionQualityEvaluator.evaluate(ConnectionQualityEvaluator.java:42)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator.evaluate(FPGAEvaluator.java:192)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.SimplestGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.reproduction(SimplestGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.java:67)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:93)


2021:05:05_08:33:16
Index 15 Shortcut: SV16 Full name: Simplest version elitistic
java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot read field "label" because "swBoxes[i].segments[k]" is null
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.ConnectionQualityEvaluator.evaluate(ConnectionQualityEvaluator.java:44)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator.evaluate(FPGAEvaluator.java:192)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.SimplestGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.reproduction(SimplestGeneticAlgorithmElitistic.java:67)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:93)


2021:05:07_13:35:31
Index 65 Shortcut: null Full name: null
java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.initialization.Initializer.initialize()" because "this.initializer" is null
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:36)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:99)


2021:05:07_13:35:40
Index 65 Shortcut: null Full name: null
java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot invoke "hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.initialization.Initializer.initialize()" because "this.initializer" is null
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:36)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:99)


2021:05:07_13:47:49
Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.ClassCastException: class hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator cannot be cast to class hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.SimpleAliasesEvaluator (hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator and hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.SimpleAliasesEvaluator are in unnamed module of loader 'app')
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.FPGAGeneticAlgorithm.reset(FPGAGeneticAlgorithm.java:122)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:201)


2021:05:07_13:47:52
Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.ClassCastException: class hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator cannot be cast to class hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.SimpleAliasesEvaluator (hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator and hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.SimpleAliasesEvaluator are in unnamed module of loader 'app')
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.FPGAGeneticAlgorithm.reset(FPGAGeneticAlgorithm.java:122)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:201)


2021:05:08_13:58:09
Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Label is clb and its title is null
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.evaluate(SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.java:59)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator.evaluate(FPGAEvaluator.java:191)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:48)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:98)


2021:05:08_13:58:46
Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Label is clb and its title is null
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.evaluate(SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.java:59)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator.evaluate(FPGAEvaluator.java:191)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:48)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:98)


2021:05:08_14:02:06
Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Label is clb and its title is null
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.evaluate(SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.java:59)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator.evaluate(FPGAEvaluator.java:192)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:48)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:98)


2021:05:08_14:02:58
Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Label is clb and its title is null
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.evaluate(SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.java:59)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator.evaluate(FPGAEvaluator.java:193)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:48)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:98)


2021:05:08_14:03:11
Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Label is clb and its title is null
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.evaluate(SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.java:59)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator.evaluate(FPGAEvaluator.java:193)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:48)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:98)


2021:05:08_14:05:33
Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Label is clb and its title is null
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.evaluate(SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.java:59)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator.evaluate(FPGAEvaluator.java:191)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:48)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:98)


2021:05:08_14:06:02
Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Label is clb and its title is null
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.evaluate(SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.java:59)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator.evaluate(FPGAEvaluator.java:194)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:48)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:98)


2021:05:08_14:07:29
Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Label is clb and its title is null
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.evaluate(SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.java:60)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator.evaluate(FPGAEvaluator.java:193)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:48)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:98)


2021:05:08_14:07:44
Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.IllegalStateException: Label is clb and its title is null
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.evaluate(SimpleCLBInputsEvaluator.java:60)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator.evaluate(FPGAEvaluator.java:193)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:48)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:98)


2021:06:03_10:01:26
Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: Index 1 out of bounds for length 1
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.evaluator.FPGAEvaluator$EvaluatorArranger.prepareModelForEvaluation(FPGAEvaluator.java:91)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.ai.EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.reproduction(EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmSelectionElitistic.java:46)
	at hr.fer.zemris.bachelor.thesis.mapping.AIFPGAMapper.map(AIFPGAMapper.java:60)
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:98)


2021:06:04_16:22:07
Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot read field "configuration" because "bestConf" is null
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:186)


2021:06:04_16:23:03
Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot read field "configuration" because "bestConf" is null
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:186)


2021:06:04_16:24:22
Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot read field "configuration" because "bestConf" is null
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:186)


2021:06:04_16:24:53
Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot read field "configuration" because "bestConf" is null
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:186)


2021:06:04_16:25:05
Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot read field "configuration" because "bestConf" is null
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:186)


2021:06:04_16:25:11
Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot read field "configuration" because "bestConf" is null
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:186)


2021:06:04_16:26:41
Index 65 Shortcut: SV66 Full name: EliminativeGeneticAlgorithmKSelectionElitistic
java.lang.NullPointerException: Cannot read field "configuration" because "bestConf" is null
	at Test.NewTestSimpleGenetic.main(NewTestSimpleGenetic.java:186)


